#+title: Meetings

* Meetings

** Program Status Report :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-05-30 Fri 15:36]
:ATTENDEES: Brent, Sakshi, Dan R, Andrew, Dave R, Rosh
:END:
*** Agenda
- Review status report
*** Notes
- Bert and Ernie have an issue with Auth0 duplicate issue
*** Decisions
- Awaiting for a combined Pi4 plan
*** Action Items
- [X] Follow up on Auth0 duplicate issue

** Pi4 Priorities and managing a lot of work :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-05-30 Fri 16:28]
:ATTENDEES: Subbu
:END:
*** Agenda
- Review how we work
*** Notes
- Duplicate issues in different jira boards
- Better communication needed and more opennes
- Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, Subbu will focus on the enterprise Architecture
- Tech board needs to show the tech work that needs to come before the business transformation work
- Subbu gets a lot of last minute requests and it needs to get triaged against the work in progress
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
- [X] Need to follow up with Subbu and Scotty that David Gardiner can't relocate onto other work until Employer env done

** David Ranger handover :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-05-30 Fri 16:33]
:ATTENDEES: David Ranger
:END:
*** Agenda
- Handover Employer squads - Bert and Ernie
*** Notes
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2025-05-30 Fri 16:37]
:END:
- Communication is happening on multiple fronts with teams groups and more recently with Teams channels
- Mailbox setup for Bert and Ernie, all meeting invites come from this
- Jira is one board, with a team filter used to divide the squads
- Backdated Returns
  - Narendra is the Snr BA, he is struggling to create enough work for the developers
    - Rosh (Lead BA) is helping here
- QA is heavily part of the team, but perhaps not working very well
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
- [ ]

** Catch up with SixPivot :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-05-30 Fri 16:38]
:ATTENDEES: Dave Gleeson, Chris Gilbert, Megan, Faith Rees
:END:
*** Agenda
- Review current Employer workload
- Discuss difficultly with in making upcoming deadline
*** Notes
- Issue with meeting deadline
  - Team spending a lot of time in meetings that are not critical to delivery
    - Johan is asking the tech leads to do a lot of work, that is important, but not critical for the end of June employer release
- There is a lot of team time lost to these workshops
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
- [X] Feature Flags to be completed
*** DONE Production and non-production environments need to be finished
*** DONE Need to fill pre-prod's with testing data :squad::data:
- [X] Move Veena back to black box testing(from 10th of June)

** Bert standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-02 Mon 10:19]
:ATTENDEES: Bert squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Standup
*** Notes
- David G
  - Similar feature flag work/config
- Benedict
  - completed testing on EMP-275
  - keen to put PR up soon, but depends on Dave G
- Jason
  - EMP-391 done most of the work, no cypress tests
- Megan
  - EMP-300 error handling flows
  - waiting on santosh to finalise the review
- Ashita
  - workig back and forth with QA defining feature files, needs to be black box
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
*** DONE Check that Santosh loops back on Megan's work :squad:
*** WAIT Need to setup black box testing for QA and engineers updaing their work with better tests, independent of QA :squad: :quality:

** Backlog Readiness B&E :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-02 Mon 11:03]
:ATTENDEES: Jenelle, Naleena, Nerendra
:END:
*** Agenda
- Review backlog readiness for next sprint
*** Notes
- Returns - LI-18
  - Tess is chasing up on getting more employers for testing
  - Auth and Auth updates
  - QA catch up on DoD
  - Validation of wages needs a definition of done
    - this is missing a DoD
    - A lot of noise on CSV file that we want to extract from Kermit and then upload to Avatar
    - so much talk around the security risk of where we will store it
    - Jenelle confused around the risk, given it is nothing new from a risk level right
    - download the CSV and automatically goes into a Jira ticket
- Backdated - LI-1
  - Feedback on designs, Baz updated, but now he is away
    - Avi is taking on the design
      - still in progress and needs review by Jenelle and then approval from legal
    - working throguh Day validation rules
      - Ner doing first draft and Jenelle to provide feedback
  - Rules Engine - LI-17
    - POC for rules engine
    - Nah is legal resource, and she is documenting them right now
    - not much dev work required right now
  - Employer improvements - EMP-146
    - Auth related issues, Sophie is owning it
    - There is a risk around Auth0 raised
  - WSC were not on the roadmap
    - paying the invoices(aka vouchers)
  - Help centre in Kermit
    - no one is owning this help centre section at the moment.
    - some of the content is owned
    - but change and marketing should own this
  - Walk through with the squad with what is coming with
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
- [ ]

** Ernie Standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-03 Tue 09:59]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie Squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Daily standup sprint 2
*** Notes
- Ner
  - EMP-46 current state process
- Thomas
  - EMP-85 is testable
    - Need a dev to test it
    - Worker list menu item
  - EMP-13
    - Mostly a case of testing the A/C's
  - EMP-291
    - justin migrating red DB to yellow
    - meeting later today to define acceptance criteria
  - EMP-267
    - change to to-do and move to another sprint
- D Gardiner
  - resolved dev env
- Veena
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
*** DONE Nominate someone to test EMP-85
- [X] Catch up with Veena

** Bert Standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-03 Tue 10:15]
:ATTENDEES: Bert Squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Scrum standup
*** Notes
- EMP-275
  - got Vish to review Terraform script
  - already been deployed
  - needs testing
- EMP-279
  - Tessa to review
- EMP-300
  - just finishing cypress tests, need to pull and test
- EMP-318
  - first half of PR in review, Thomas still reviewing
- EMP-318
  - working with Ashita, awaiting EMP-318 to complete to put PR up
- EMP-146
  - updated pipeline last night
  - four stages, one for each env
  - current issue with integration test failing
- Need a auth plan
*** Decisions
- Need an action plan on auth
*** Action Items

** Catch up with Rosh :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-06 Fri 09:32]
:ATTENDEES: Rosh
:END:
*** Agenda
- Letting go of Ner
*** Notes
- Firing Nar next week
- Katryn and Lewis want him to be removed
- Ner never got direct feedback
- Jenelle sent email saying things are not good and he needs to be let go
  - speak to her about the firing
- Been pushed to write an options paper and he didn't do it correctly
- Ner has taken a long time to get up to speed
- Needs a lot of guidance to get the backlog ready
- He was getting 3 different directions
  - Jenelle
  - Sophie
  - Dave R
- Ner upset people because he had meetings without including lots of people
  - was upset that Ner and Baz worked through some options for design
    - Sophie and Jenelle were upset and didn't like the designs
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE Speak to Jenelle asap about letting Nar go


** Design Bert & Ernie :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-03 Tue 11:34]
:ATTENDEES: Avi, Ner, Nha, Sophie
:END:
*** Agenda
- Review upcoming designs
*** Notes
- Nothing to update, worked upcoming designs for worker list
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
- [ ]

** Bert & Ernie sponsor catch up :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-03 Tue 16:08]
:ATTENDEES: Katryn, Sopie, Naleena, Nar, Nha, Jenelle
:END:
*** Agenda
- Readiness for prototype release
*** Notes
- Katyrn has concerns around the release approach
  - even if they are releasing for 10 people
- Must push for a better quality of design
- Consider that quality will impact the squads velocity, if the designs are wrong, then the squad will need to redo the work, rather than incrementally get better
- Rules engine needs some further work
- Need to understand who the new person is
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
- [ ]


** Bert Sprint Planning :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-04 Wed 11:07]
:ATTENDEES: Veena, Jason, Naleena, Pierre, Benedict, Ashita, Thomas
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 planning
*** Notes
-

** Ernie standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-06 Fri 10:00]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie squad
:END:
*** Agenda
 - Standup
*** Notes
- EMP-238
  - waiting for data team
  - want to test the SSO
    - want to login as employer
    - data is not ready
  - Need to work with Ran on this
    - are we sending the link directly to the employer or not
  - Special link "Employer not allowed to login"
- EMP-254
  - need to agree on data structure on the columns
- EMP-291 - is the most important story
  - data is migrated for 12 employers
    - dev is ready
    - staging, pre-prod is awaiting
    -
  - there are additional records for
- The other environments are not ready
*** Decisions
- there is a conflict
*** Action Items
**** TODO Get Thomas koster correct location to document how feature toggles work
**** OKAY [#B] Need to work with Worker squad to understand who is using what env

** Bert Standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-06 Fri 10:18]
:ATTENDEES: Bert Squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-300
  - needs a PR
- EMP-275
  - soon ready for a PR
  - need to merge to dev and test it
  - waiting on Jason
- EMP-373
  - need to work through internal testing
  - Ran needs to do a lot of work to get the auth ready for testing
  - Get Ran to join the standup so we can get the auth ready
- EMP-315
  - meeting with Nam to go over and approve this
- EMP-5
  - Jesse working on comm's
- EMP-304
  - waiting on Ran
  - all cypress tests are failing in Dev
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
*** DONE Create PR column
*** DONE Awaiting for Ran to create account
*** DONE Will manually make the 10 employers "not required" in Avatar

** Tech Program weekly :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-06 Fri 11:02]
:ATTENDEES: David L, David G
:END:
*** Agenda
- Round house
*** Notes
- asking for more developers won't go down well
- Why are we so slow - big question
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE New to do from the meetings file :meeting:



** DB data :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-06 Fri 15:04]
:ATTENDEES: Rohan, Mukul, Vish, John S, Megan
:END:
*** Agenda
-
*** Notes
- need to use WSL 1 and not WSL2 will get around current issue
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Ernie standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-10 Tue 10:01]
:ATTENDEES: Squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Standup
*** Notes
- EMP-13 Thomas
  - needs business review
- EMP-85
  - needs documentation
- EMP-349
  - made PR, getting feedback
- EMP-254
  - no blockers
- EMP-291
  - awaiting env info from Vish and John
- EMP-367
  - making migration scripts, will pair on the rest of it today
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO Thomas to create a separate ticket in jira for EMP-85 documentation

** Bert standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-10 Tue 10:16]
:ATTENDEES: Bert squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-300
  - cypress tests aren't done, will review with Business when ready
- EMP-391
  - Veena wants to test
  - then business review with Sophie and Naleena
- EMP-275
  - working with Vish to move to dev env
    - still needs some more terraform work
- EMP-373
  - need to get dev setup organised
  - will make 1
- EMP-318
  - one PR is up, will need to put another PR soon
  - next PR is on data persistence
  - Jason needs some help for getting the PR's done
- EMP-315
  - privacy changes come from Nam, but after UAT
- EMP-304
  - cypress the main blocker, not resovled, but will side step them
  - staging is ready, pre-prod
-

*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE Create a peer review column
**** DONE 1pm checkin on dev setup
**** DONE Break jira board into user story split

** Design - Bert & Ernie :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-10 Tue 11:53]
:ATTENDEES: Thomas K, Narendra, Avi, Sophie, Naleena, Nha
:END:
*** Agenda
- End state backdated designs
*** Notes
- Talking through what the end state designs will look like
- need to restrict the amount of email addresses to be added for the payment statement
- email address is mapped to the invoice email address(optional email address) in avatar
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE raise the risk that design conversations are talking about end state, without any data/experimentation discussions
**** TODO sophie to find out how the financial year is to be displayed :squad:
**** DONE need a task in jira to restrict email payment statement to be restricted to only 4 emails

** Security discussion on micro release for returns :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-11 Wed 09:32]
:ATTENDEES: Kate, Nixon, Megan, Sophie, Naleena
:END:
*** Agenda
- discuss security needs for returns release
*** Notes
- Outlined the scope of the release
- direct URL, no back access to Avatar
- Complete the return
- Employer completes the return
- Download the CSV and gets uploaded to jira
- Once return is complete, it automatically downloads and then uploads to Jira
  - users are not touching the CSV creation or upload process
- Nixon wants to have a test of the return process to see how it works
- Synk can run against the branch you are doing, so you can improve it as you go, but also, can run against the repo so there is testing
- DevOps can run it against the overall repo and engineers can run against their branches
- Nee
*** Decisions
- Need to figure how to work with Cyber will work with our flow
- Cyber needs to know what is being released
*** Action Items
**** DONE confirm with Benedict how long the data lives in Jira
**** TODO Sophie - update the SoP so the people entering the data from jira to Avatar, that the jira data gets deleted
**** TODO Veena to setup Nixon for him to test the return process
**** DONE Ask the teams if they have installed the Synk and run it

** Ernie Standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-11 Wed 10:03]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-367
  - data in red db looking good, another half day to go
- EMP-254
  - Still in progress
- EMP-291
  - migrated data to stage env
  - Mukul needs to the pre-prod
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Bert standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-11 Wed 10:13]
:ATTENDEES: Bert Squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-275
  - working in dev
  - just raised PR
  - for the demo it needs to be pre-filled with a lot of data, for the demo it needs to be filled
- EMP-304
  - Auth0
  - CORS error should be fixed this morning
  - staging is ready, just waiting for the data
- EMP-318
  - combined PR
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE Fix the jira board, i can't move the tasks to PR
**** DONE Get Aditi into Jira projects

** PowerBI squad reporting :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-11 Wed 11:48]
:ATTENDEES: Andrew M, Pierre L, Dan R
:END:
*** Agenda
- Showcase PowerBI reporting
*** Notes
- Lightweight talk about PowerBI pulling data from jira to use to help automate the weekly reporting for the program
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO Consider a new board in Employer project based on the team

** Business Design Authority :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-12 Thu 09:36]
:ATTENDEES: Subbu, Scott, Mike S, Kate, Agnes, Jeremy, David G, Michael S, Brent, Alison, Mark, Marianne, Jenelle, Georgia, Jenn
:END:
*** Agenda
- Salesforce partner
*** Notes
- J4rvis is the recommended partner
  - from salesforce assessment of their partner, they scored the best out of all 3
  - CEO attended our sessions, reflects well
  - Comfortable with agile and align with LP governance model
  - $720,000 this includes contingency at 20%
    - Jarvis proposed $600
  - 20 week project
  - 8 weeks of discovery
  - 10 weeks of build
  - 4 weeks of test and deploy
  - 2 weeks of hypercare
- The plan is completely waterfall
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Ernie standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-12 Thu 10:04]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-367
  - needs to get a review on this ASAP
    - Thomas to look at it
- EMP-369
  - bug fix still in progress
  - just the returnsAPI that is problematic
- EMP-254
  - close to complete
- EMP-291
  - data is migrated, in peer review
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE keep working on the jira board :squad:

** Bert standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-12 Thu 10:14]
:ATTENDEES: Bert Squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-275
  - Error message not urgent for UAT
  - using service bus
  - need to check what happens when a ticket is deleted
- EMP-304
  - staging is done
- EMP-318
  - resolving some bugs, working with Megan
  - if we can resolve it will be part of UAT
- Staging
  - close to working
- Code freeze still in place, while UAT is happening
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE let Kate and nixon know we can delete the data manually from jira
**** DONE chase kylie on permissions for delete in jira

** Backlog refinement Ernie :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-12 Thu 11:07]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Backlog sprint 4 refinement
*** Notes
- added EMP-422 to current sprint, as it is the most important bit of work
  - field in db called return type
    - regular
    - backdated which has no cycle
      - it will be one return regardless of how many quarters or FY years
- Backlog health is terrible
- Need to constrain the scope of a backdated return to only the employer start date period
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO need a story to understand how the backdated return is generated
***** we could clear out the days and wages and set it to 0
***** we need to walk the user journey for this experience
**** TODO Sprint 5 user stories for Ernie needs work

** Weekly Program meeting :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-12 Thu 13:48]
:ATTENDEES: Brent, Alison, Sakshi, Dan, Jenn, Aneta
:END:
*** Agenda
- Review action reg
*** Notes
- Jira to be cleaned up
- Teams need to get closer to how support teams are working and how they are interacting with members
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO need to orgranise time for the squad to sit with member support team to see how they work
**** TODO chat with Andrew about the release roadmap from Bob squad
**** DONE Raise the risk on not building out the backend features in Pi4 but rather focused on the frontend only

** Ernie Standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-13 Fri 10:04]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie Squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- sprint 3
*** Notes
- EMP-254(santosh)
  - currently unit testing it
  - continue with the cypress testing
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO check on fix version for jira, for when stories go to done

** Bert standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-13 Fri 10:17]
:ATTENDEES: Bert squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3
*** Notes
- EMP-275
  - close to closing out
- EMP-302
  - some Auth0 changes
    - currently using Auth0 using internalAPI auth0 API, security concern
    - Megan is aware, Megan will make application changes, to use EmployerAPI insteand of AUth0API
    - SSO is off for employer application, user getting refresh token issues
- EMP-318
  - spent all morning yesterday fixing the bugs
  - discrepancy between local setups
- EMP-373
  - Tess pulling all feedback from the employer yesterday
  - Internal 1:30-3:00
  -
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Tech Program weekly :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-13 Fri 11:03]
:ATTENDEES: David L, David Gleeson, Scotty
:END:
*** Agenda
- Weekly review of tech
*** Notes
- STP is purely to report to the ATO
- Tech leadership
  - want to make development fast
  - we are currently really slow
- Salesforce imp plan, not good
  - DL will look through it today
  - Sami suggesting to put vendor on the hook to deliver
- Separate out Digital product out from the transformation
  - Ferris built a product roadmap, separate to an elevate roadmap
- Salesforce hiring - Functional lead coming, Solution Arch out in market
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE David Lang to question delivery in December Salesforce
**** DONE Follow up with Cyber on the jira Return data to be deleted

** Standup Ernie :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-16 Mon 10:02]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie Squads
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-254
  - implementation done
  - cleaning and refactoring
- EMP-422
  - just started
- EMP-369
  - 80% fixed, not sure if it makes sense to fix the remaining 20%
    - will come back to it later.
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Standup Bert :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-16 Mon 10:15]
:ATTENDEES: Bert Squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-275
  - sub-tasks still awaiting approvals
  - creation of generic user for Jira
- EMP-304
  - Pre-prod is ready, so will work today on it
- EMP-318
  - still resolving the bug
- EMP-373
  - Jenelle working on priorities
- EMP-442
  - Login issue
  - Login issues with Dev, seems to be different to staging
  - shouldn't be anything to do with Data
  - got help with Dave Gardiner, but can't resolve yet
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE Awaiting John Sneddon about generic user, will show and tell from Benedict what we are doing. Need a service account, Scotty to help

** Catch up with Gleeson :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-16 Mon 11:31]
:ATTENDEES: David Gleeson
:END:
*** Agenda
- Job review
- Speed flow up in the system
- share between the delivery leads
*** Notes
- Frankie One - Identity management
- Seal team six
- And the SmartPhone App
- Consider with Izaak going on leave, think about moving an engineer over to Bob squad
- Feedback
  - Change System test, to Product Quality/verfication
  - check the correct evnironment works for Veena, i.e. Salesforce integration
- Hopefully security will fade away, and would better focus on design
*** Decisions
- What does Brent need from a Progam management perspective
*** Action Items

** Standup Ernie :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-17 Tue 10:04]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie Squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-254
  - scheme feedback, however it would affect the other team
  - need to work on creating the data structure
    - should have a separate data strcuture from Bert
- EMP-404
  - work is progressing
  - no blockers
  - implementation done by EOD
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Bert Standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-17 Tue 10:15]
:ATTENDEES: Bert squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-275
  - two tasks still in PR
  - Create a generic user - is with Scott
- EMP-304
  - Auth0 is getting closer, pre-prod
- EMP-318
  - still stuck, bugs
  - Jason and Thomas having differing approahes
  - AG-Grid decides when and what data is sent and updated through it's async approach
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE Follow up with Scotty on EMP-441

** PR review :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-17 Tue 10:42]
:ATTENDEES: Ashita, Jason, Benedict, Santosh
:END:
*** Agenda
- Review the AG-Grid implementation by Santosh
*** Notes
- Should we be treating backdated the same way as returns
- Breakout of backdated into financial years, and quarters
- struggling to work with one list
- do we want backdating to run in quarters
- and why is backdating grouped in with normal quarter returns
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE Speak to Jenelle about backdating being treated the same as a normal return

** Sponsor catch up :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-17 Tue 11:11]
:ATTENDEES: Katryn
:END:
*** Agenda
-
*** Notes
 - 92,000 that are not registered, understand them and get to know them
   - in convo with Tessa, they won't talk to us directly
     - can target big groups of accountants
     - need to find and gain insights from
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO gain insights from non-compliant employers
**** TODO is it they defer all their obligations to their book keepers and the book keepers don't know
**** TODO Come back to Catryn on the outcome of Salesforce implementation plan

** Hyprcare :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-17 Tue 14:20]
:ATTENDEES: Jessica, Naleena
:END:
*** Agenda
- EMP-398
- WOR-522
- 30th of June is go-live date for returns
- EMP-432
*** Notes
- Need to do something about training material
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO reach out to Nikki and Matt about the use of MPS for defects coming in from the retuns form when it goes live
**** DONE Develop a release plan

** Sponsor & squad catch up :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-17 Tue 16:12]
:ATTENDEES: Jenelle, Catryn, Nha
:END:
*** Agenda
- General update
*** Notes
- Jeremy hasn't reviewed Nha's work, will need help reviewing, as his availability is tight
- need to solve for unique identifier
  - will it move to register
  - can't do email address
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO move the risk to program level risk not employer risk - EMP-439

** Sprint 3 Review :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-18 Wed 09:30]
:ATTENDEES: Jenelle, Justin, Jason, Navid, Benedict, Thomas, Santosh
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 review
*** Notes
- EMP-318
  - consider the next step and how and when the data is written to the database
    - write to database on the input of the reason/resolve error
    - new user-story
- EMP-255 - backdated return
  - upcoming generation of data
-
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** DONE find the figma file for employer and share with Aditi
**** DONE find time next week with Andrew to learn how to get user story progress data out of PowerBI
SCHEDULED: <2025-06-24 Tue>

** Sprint 3 retro :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-18 Wed 10:41]
:ATTENDEES: Jason, Thomas, Justin, Megan,Benedict, Santosh
:END:
*** Agenda
- Retro sprint 3
*** Notes
- need more honesty in the standups
- smaller stories, with small sub-task peer review
- visibility and sync sessions
  - feeling out of sync of env and auth
- Start doing
  - production support
  - when planning UAT
    - hoped to rely on standard features of Azure
    - engineers didn't have access
    - had to build standard azure features that we couldn't use/gain access to
    - Megan had to work long hours, build a little admin page, to allow UAT to happen
    - Engineers are locked out, David Gardiner didn't have access
    - troubleshooting env's, it is a lot of guess work
      - only insights is from DataDog logs
      - in many cases it fails silently
  - shared calendar
    - celebration for the worker team, but it was day before external UAT,which was bad timing
    - can we be clearer with all teams
  - Azure is as invisible as an on-term server handled by a separate team
    - Accessibility for Devs(Dev), and Dave Gardiner, can access without asking
      - only have visibility of CosmosDB
    - Megan, David doesn't have all access
      - have an interesting architecture, very spread out,
      - which is good, but hard to setup
      - slight differences with worker,adding time, e.g. auth not done through Avatar for employer, so new learnings
      - needing to use Jira
  - Not able to pin point where backlog items fit and how they relate to one another
    - and not addressing the legacy data in the user stories
    - told by architecture we would make the data up
  - Avatar has features and capability to solve admin issues
    - i.e. how avatar helps to support the user
    - want to learn from what made Avatar worked for decades
  -
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO need analysis on azure DevOps don't have full control, engineers not trusted :retro:

** Sprint 4 planning :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-18 Wed 11:44]
:ATTENDEES: Bert squad
:END:
*** Agenda
-
*** Notes
- EMP-367 is needed for Production provisioning
  - don't know if scripts need to change for production
  - don't know if pipeline exists for production
  - need some unit tests on the script
  - concern that the CSV is not showing up
    -
- For prod, need auth
  - Ran to give config details for Auth0 for production
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO check with Naleena that employers have up-to-date worker list

** Ernie sprint planning :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-18 Wed 13:06]
:ATTENDEES: Thomas, Santosh, Justin
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 4 planning
*** Notes
- EMP-422
  - rules around the data structure
  - the trigger point for the generation - separate a story
*** Decisions
- saving of the grid
*** Action Items

** Catch up with Scotty :infra: :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-19 Thu 09:33]
:ATTENDEES: Scotty
:END:
*** Agenda
- Infra
*** Notes
- not following up with the right people
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Ernie standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-19 Thu 10:06]
:ATTENDEES: Santosh, Jenelle, Justin, Veena, Ran, David Gardiner
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 4 standup
*** Notes
- issues with staging not working
- Not much to discuss, as it is day 1 of new sprint
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Bert standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-19 Thu 10:16]
:ATTENDEES: Bert squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 4 standup
*** Notes
- Need access to Azure functions
  - don't have access, can have access
  - Megan and David G should have access, all the devs
  - Need to be able to run them as well as see them
- EMP-304
  - no much
- EMP-318
  - PR up, will review
- EMP-433 :testing:
  - reviewing playwright right now
  - working with John and vish to unblock the pipeline to make tests work better
- EMP-442
  - David G put in a PR for this
  - might have a fix, needs a test on dev

*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Delivery lead chat :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-19 Thu 10:44]
:ATTENDEES: Dave L, Dave G, Brent
:END:
*** Agenda
- Scope of Program
*** Notes
- Dave Gleeson to take over from me
- I'll take over Bert & Ernie and Seal Six team
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Program standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-19 Thu 13:43]
:ATTENDEES: Alison, Jenn, Andrew M, Brent, Sakshi
:END:
*** Agenda
- Weekly check in
*** Notes
-
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO consider breaking up the kanban board based on releases

** Ernie Standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-20 Fri 10:02]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie Squad, John S, Yi Liu, Vish, Mukul
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-406
  - ReturnsAPI debugger issues
- EMP-404
  - deferred to support Bert
- EMP-422
  - started on spliting out the FY and quarter breakout
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Bert standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-20 Fri 10:16]
:ATTENDEES: Bert

:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-304
  - Auth0 config for prod
    - still on-going with bugs, but doesn't hold us up
      - need to raise a change request
      - EMP-437
      - EMP-442
    - EMP-471
      - progressing well, tests are passing
      - pipeline issues
- EMP-318
  - Resolved errors yesterday, doing a final test
  - one/two tests are failing
- EMP-431
  - changes implemented
- EMP-433
  - in the background, while trying to solve other issues
- EMP-507
  - need to tweak some terraform scripts, should be finished today
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO reach out to Nixon, the instructions aren't enough
**** TODO update Nixon on upcoming release
**** DONE include Jess and Jenelle in the go/no-go meeting

** Tech Program Meeting :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-20 Fri 11:02]
:ATTENDEES: David Lang, David Gleeson, Scotty
:END:
*** Agenda
- Elevate tech
*** Notes
- 5 more devs
- need to build the backend capability
- Release strategy
  - standardise the release process
- Salesforce, getting it up and functional
  - so work comes from the squads, not Salesforce team
  - still suggesting 3 months to stand it up
  - have access to it now
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO work with David Gleeson on release plan

** Ernie Standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-23 Mon 10:02]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3
*** Notes
- EMP-406
  - up for peer review
- EMP-422
  - generating the split is progressing
  - will need to run past some of the dev's on the solution
  - helping Bert with some bug
- EMP-404
  - haven't had a chance yet, working on Bert
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Standup Bert :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-23 Mon 10:17]
:ATTENDEES: Bert sqaud, Ran
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 3
*** Notes
- EMP-275
  - emp-420 will be done once day reason is checked in
    - will run quick test
- EMP-318
  - Thomas and Jason worked through some ReturnAPI errors
  - have implemented Thomas' solution
  - broke a few things in the pulling of the branch
- EMP-304
  - config issues
    - rebuilt Azure function.
    - Got issues with Pre-prod, but should be able to fix this morning
    - concerns about second region
  - EMP-473
    - 1 out of 5 users failing
      - is working in dev env
      - don't have access to staging
      - working with Vish at 11:00am today
    - EMP-413
      - raised CR and waiting for approval
    - EMP-471
      - Justin is close to completing
  - EMP-431
    - put a PR up for this
    - however, broken Cypress test in dev
  - EMP-503
    - dev's still can't trigger functions
    - might be hard because of network restrictions, because they are locked down :platforms:
  -
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Release check in :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-23 Mon 13:28]
:ATTENDEES: Jess, Matt, Scott, Dave G, Nikki, Veena, John S, David Gardiner, Naleena, Vish,
:END:
*** Agenda
- Micro Release Plan
*** Notes
- plan and details kept:https://coinvestwiki.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DM/pages/2890760223/Release+Plan
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Ernie standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-26 Thu 10:01]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie, John S,
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 4
*** Notes
- EMP-393
  - dev and unit test done, and cypress test
- EMP-422
  - have a draft PR
- EMP-404
  - in progress, PR coming up
-
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Bert standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-26 Thu 10:15]
:ATTENDEES: Bert, Scotty,Ran, John S, Vish
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 4
*** Notes
- EMP-304
  - Auth0
    - made pull request for prod
    - EMP-477
      - pre-prod is done
      - need to confirm if prod is ready for data migration
      - John S will get prod ready today
    - EMP-474 done
    - EMP-475
      - ran into issues
    - Jira not working in pre-prod EMP-545
- EMP-535
  - up for peer review
  - Naleena happy with updates
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Ernie standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-27 Fri 10:05]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 4
*** Notes
- EMP-404
  - writing tests with them
- EMP-393
  - almost ready for review
*** Decisions
  -
*** Action Items
**** TODO will need validations on the fields for backdated returns

** Bert standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-27 Fri 10:16]
:ATTENDEES: Bert squad
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 4
*** Notes
- EMP-304
  - EMP-477 & EMP-547 for sophie to check it works
  - EMP-413
    - prod is done
    - David G to validate
  - EMP-435
    - building right now, almost done
  - EMP-475
    - update data in pre-prod and load the prod and pre-prod with fresh data
  - EMP-545
    - working through with Megan, Ashita resolving this, David G put in the correct env values.
    - will re-test this morning through Veena
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO will need to implement the backup plan, of taking the JSON form Cosmos and sharing it with ringfence team, if we can't get the CSV generation and loading of Jira.

** Tech Prog Weekly :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-27 Fri 11:01]
:ATTENDEES: Scotty, Dave L, Dave G, Rohan
:END:
*** Agenda
- weekly tech review
*** Notes
- need to work with Salesforce team to explain what we need for employer capability
- Rules Engine
  - we don't have a viable solution
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO get Johan/Subbu to look into Azure options around Rules as Code

** Ernie standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-30 Mon 10:01]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie squad, Chris Gilbert, Vish, John S, Ran
:END:
*** Agenda
 - Sprint 4 standup
*** Notes
- EMP-232
  - started save draft on Friday
  - schema done, FE done
  - more testing required
- EMP-422
  - slight change of plan
  - requirements slightly off, last FY not all quarters, only up to current quarter
- EMP-404
  - close to completion
  - currently dealing with a merge conflict
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Bert standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-06-30 Mon 10:13]
:ATTENDEES:
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 4 standup
*** Notes
- David Gardiner leaving
- Megan taking some leave
- has jira in production
  - Sophie to take Benedict through with and restrict access on the jira project to a select number of people
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Ernie Standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-07-01 Tue 10:02]
:ATTENDEES: Ernie squad,Ran, Vish
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 4
*** Notes
- EMP-232
  - dev done, up for PR
- EMP-422
  -
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items

** Bert standup :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-07-01 Tue 10:17]
:ATTENDEES: Bert squad, Vish, Jenelle, Ran
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 4
*** Notes
- will look at prod logging to see how performance is going
- testing the timeout settings, to fix the 15 minute elapsed auto logout
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO organise team lunch for the returns release

** Backlog readiness Employer :meeting:
:PROPERTIES:
:DATE: [2025-07-01 Tue 11:23]
:ATTENDEES: Naleena, Sophie, Koshica
:END:
*** Agenda
- Sprint 5 readiness
*** Notes
-user story mapping not done, needs to get done
*** Decisions
-
*** Action Items
**** TODO Need to resolve the duplicate email address for employers, currently they have one email to multiple companies, and each company needs a unique email
